除了奥罗拉枪击案，美国的电影院中，还发生过哪些枪击事件？



-（多谢 magasa 分享这篇文章。）A History of Violence in Movie Theaters原文地址：http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/history-of-violence-in-movie-theaters-dark-knight-rises-353769?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3AThe Warriors (1979) At a drive-in theater in Palm Springs, members of the Blue Coats, an African-American gang, got into it with members of a white gang, The Family. A 19-year-old member of The Family was shot to death. The next night in Oakland, a fight broke out in a lobby, resulting in the death of Timothy Gitchel, 18. A third killing came days later near a theater in Dorchester, Mass.: Two gang members stabbed 16-year-old Marty Yakubowicz.战士帮（The Warriors, 1979）在棕榈泉的一家汽车戏院里，美国黑人帮派 Blue Coats 的一个成员和白人帮派 The Family 的成员发生矛盾，The Family 中的一个十九岁成员中枪身亡。第二天晚上在奥克兰的一个影院的大堂里，一场冲突造成了十八岁的 Timothy Gitchel 的死亡。几天后，麻省多切斯特市的一家影院旁边，两个帮派成员刺死了十六岁的 Marty Yakubowicz。New Jack City (1991) Violence surrounding this drug-trade movie led to one death, multiple injuries and more than a dozen arrests. An 18-year-old man was arrested for murdering Gabriel Williams, 19, while in a ticket line in New York. In L.A., when a Westwood theater oversold tickets, 1,500 people rioted and began looting nearby stores for more than two hours. Nine people were arrested. Warner Bros. provided extra security starting with the following weekend.万恶城市（New Jack City, 1991）由这部关于毒品交易的电影引发的暴力，造成了一人死亡、多人受伤和十数起逮捕。在旧金山的一家影院售罄后，1500 人发生两个多小时的暴动，并且对周边商店进行劫掠，九人被逮捕，一个十八岁的少年在排队买票时杀害了十九岁的 Gabriel Williams。接下来的几个星期，华纳兄弟公司开始加派保安。Boyz n the Hood (1991) On the opening weekend of John Singleton's semiautobiographical drama (four months after New Jack City's release), there were incidents nationwide, leading to one death and 33 people wounded. In Chicago, a 23-year-old man was shot to death. In Minneapolis, four people were shot from a moving vehicle. In Seattle, violence broke out in a theater parking lot, where a 15-year-old boy was stabbed and 11 people were arrested.街区男孩（Boyz n the Hood, 1991）《万恶城市》发行四个月后，这部 John Singleton 的半自传性电影上映。头一个星期，全国各地都有骚乱，造成一人死亡和三十三人受伤。芝加哥的一个二十三岁男人中枪身亡。在明尼阿波利斯，四个人被来自汽车的子弹击中。在西雅图的一个影院停车区里发生了暴力事件，一个十五岁少年被刺中，十一个人被逮捕。X-Men: The Last Stand (2006) Half an hour into a Baltimore showing of the film, 25-year-old med student and sci-fi fan Mujtaba Jabbar took out a .357-caliber revolver and shot the man in front of him, Paul Schrum, 62, four times in the head, arm and chest. Jabbar then walked to the lobby, put his gun on the counter and told the manager to call the police. Asked by a policeman why he did it, Jabbar said he was mad "because of the way things are going in my life."X 战警：背水一战（X-Men: The Last Stand, 2006）影片在巴尔的摩上映时，开演三十分钟，二十五岁的学生、科幻迷 Mujtaba Jabbar 掏出一把 .357 英寸口径的左轮手枪，向前排六十二岁的 Paul Schrum 连开四枪，命中头上、手臂和胸口。随后 Jabber 走向大堂，把他的枪放在柜台上，让经理叫警察来。警察后来问他为什么这么做，他说「因为我的生活中发生的事。」The Curious Case of Benjamin Button (2008) On a Christmas Day showing of this Brad Pitt movie, James Joseph Cialella Jr. pulled a gun and shot another inside a theater because Cialella thought the man and his family were talking too loudly. Cialella then calmly sat down and continued watching the movie until the Philadelphia police arrived and arrested him for attempted murder, aggravated assault, weapons violations and more.返老还童（The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, 2008）这部由 Brad Pitt 主演的电影在圣诞节放映时，James Joseph Cialella Jr. 掏出手枪，向影院中的另一个人开枪，因为他觉得那个人和家人说话的声音太大。接着他若无其事地坐下继续看电影，直到费城的警察到达并以谋杀、严重袭击、违规携带武器等多个理由将他逮捕。Shutter Island (2010) In Lancaster, Calif., a man complained about a woman in the theater who was talking on her cell phone. The woman left with two men, one of whom returned minutes later and stabbed the complainer in the neck with a meat thermometer, sending him to the hospital with a serious brain injury that left him comatose. Acting on a tip, police arrested 39-year-old Landry Boullard, who would be sentenced to 40 years in prison.禁闭岛（Shutter Island, 2010）在加州兰开斯特市的一家影院里，一个男人因为一个女人用手机通话发出抱怨。她和两个男性同伴离开了影院，几分钟后，其中一个回来用肉类温度计刺入抱怨者的脖子，伤者被送入医院时，大脑严重受伤且昏迷不醒。接到线报后，警察逮捕了三十九岁的 Landry Boullard，他将在监狱里度过四十年。-

